


1- PREREQUISITES
================



2- COMPILE
==========


2.1- CONFIGURE
-------------


2.2- MAKE
---------


2.2- INSTALL
---------




3- PLUGIN ISSUES
================


3.1- NETSCAPE 4.7
-----------------


The DjVu netscape plugin is a shared library which runs program djview
in slave mode. This shared library is normally installed in:

        ${prefix}/lib/netscape/plugins/nsdejavu.so.

Therefore, unless you specified a different prefix to the configure program,
the shared library is installed in /usr/local/lib/netscape/plugins.  This is a
good thing since Netscape 4 always searches this directory for plugins.

3.1.1- DISABLING PREVIOUS VERSIONS OF THE DJVU PLUGIN

You might have however to first disable any previous version of the plugin.
Selecting menu "Help->About Plugins" in Netscape displays the current list of
plugins.  Previous versions of the plugin were often installed in one of the
following locations.

        ${HOME}/.netscape/plugins/nsdejavu.so
        /usr/lib/netscape/plugins/nsdejavu.so
        /opt/netscape/plugins/nsdejavu.so

You can safely remove these files to disable the previous version of the DjVu
plugin. You can also remove the directory "DjVu" that was installed under the
corresponding "netscape" or ".netscape" directory.  Note that "nsdejavu.so"
and "DjVu" are often symbolic links to the actual installation directory.
Removing the symbolic links is sufficient to disable the plugin.

3.1.2- ALTERNATIVE PLUGIN INSTALLATION STRATEGIES

More complicated cases can be dealt using one of the following strategies.

- You can explicitely set the plugin search path by setting the
  environment variable NPX_PLUGIN_PATH before starting netscape.
  Setting this variable overrides Netscape default search directories.

    $ NPX_PLUGIN_PATH="${prefix}/lib/netscape/plugins:$HOME/.netscape/plugins"
    $ export NPX_PLUGIN_PATH ; netscape

- You can create a symbolic link to nsdejavu.so from a place that
  is normally searched by netscape.

    $ cd $HOME/.netscape ; mkdir plugins ; cd plugins
    $ ln -s ${prefix}/lib/netscape/plugins/nsdejavu.so nsdejavu.so
 
  You must not copy nsdejavu.so but create a symbolic link.  This is necessary
  because nsdejavu.so will first locate its normal installation directory by 
  following the symbolic link, and then will locate the DjVu viewer djview.
  
You can then restart Netscape and select menu "Help->About Plugins" to check
that the DjVu plugin is properly recognized.  The netscape plugin search rules
are explained in the README file that usually comes with the netscape
distribution.


3.2- NETSCAPE 6.1
-----------------

It seems that netscape 6 only recognize plugins installed inside its own
plugin directory.  This can be done using a symbolic link.  Let us assume that
netscape 6 is installed in /usr/local/netscape6 and that the DjVu plugin is
installed in /usr/local/lib/netscape/plugins.  

    $ cd /usr/local/netscape6/plugins
    $ ln -s /usr/local/lib/netscape/plugins/nsdejavu.so nsdejavu.so

You can then run Netscape 6.1 and view DjVu images.


3.3- KONQUEROR-2.2
------------------

The DjVu plugin works decently with the konqueror web browser.  There are some
problems with embedded DjVu images.  You need KDE-2.2 or better for that.

In Konqueror, select "Settings->Configure Konqueror".  When the dialog
appears, select the icon "Netscape Plugins".  Make sure that directory
"${prefix}/lib/netscape/plugins" appears in the list of plugin directories.
Then press button "Scan for new plugins".  Clicking the "Plugins" tab button
should display a list of recognized plugins.  Check that "nsdejavu.so" appears
there.  You should now be able to use DjVu with Konqueror.


3.4- MOZILLA
------------

I was not even able to launch mozilla on my rh7.1+ box.




4- MAKING RPMS
==============

